Having a day off?
[Episode 2: Most Familiar Stranger]
That's a refreshing excuse.
Just admit you were skipping classes.
You're starting your one-month
volunteer service this week.
Sir.
Head of student affairs is asking for you.
All right.
Stop staring.
Wait here until I'm back.
He's gone.
Stop squatting.
Sorry about that.
I thought you wanted to skip classes, too.
So, I dragged you along.
The mistake's been made.
1, 4, 2, 8, 5, 7.
- 1, 4, 2...
- What are you reciting?
None of your business.
Hello, I'm Chen Hao Wei from Class 2.
I didn't ask for an introduction.
And please stop grinning..
Fine.
Hey, you don't have to hang it that low.
You can shift it up a little.
To your shoulders.
I'll help you.
Isn't this much better?
[Adapted from Zhong Min Rui's novel]
So damn heavy.
Hey, come and help me.
Chen Hao Wei!
Coming!
Excuse me, coming through!
- Move it in.
- Chen Hao Wei.
Dad, he's the new hire?
Young man, who are you calling your dad?
Is he your friend?
I thought he was a guest.
Why act like you don't know me?
But I don't know you.
Did you stay here yesterday?
Where else would I be?
Hao Wei, go check if there are check-ins.
Isn't this enough?
Is it that fun pranking your own son?
This is ridiculous.
No way I'll fail to recognize my kid.
Fine, true.
You detest me anyway.
I'm a disgrace.
So, you want to cut ties with me?
Fine.
There aren't any other new guest records.
Heard that?
You didn't register.
You don't stay here, and you aren't a guest.
Are you a thief?
You guys are so childish.
Is there anything worth stealing here?
Why are you so rude?
What do you mean by that?
You don't stay here, and I don't know you.
Please leave.
- You're trespassing.
- Where else can I go?
- Why should I leave?
- I don't even know you.
- Please leave. This is private property.
- What the heck?
- I haven't eaten yet. Let go of me.
- Leave before I call the police.
- Leave.
- Stop shoving me.
Fine, I'll stop.
I'll leave, all right?
Hao Wei, I'll check if anything's missing.
Move everything out of the car.
Okay.
Li Wan Zhe.
A full bowl.
What's up? Waging another war with your dad?
He went bonkers this morning.
Pretended he didn't know me.
He even called me a thief
and threatened to call the police.
So freaking childish.
All that nonsense about not knowing me.
He doesn't know me?
Who else can I be?
What's wrong?
What are you doing?
Li Wan Zhe.
Say my name.
He Xiang Yong.
Why can't I say my name?
He Xiang Yong, He Xiang Yong, He Xiang Yong.
- Stop pretending.
- I'm serious.
- I can't say my name.
- How's that possible?
He Xiang Yong, He Xiang Yong, He Xiang Yong.
I can't say it.
Mom, say his name.
How the heck would I know that?
Isn't he a new friend of yours?
- You don't recognize him?
- Who is he?
- None of you know him?
- Yeah, we don't.
Even the village chief doesn't know who he is.
- Why would we know him?
- He's He Xiang Yong.
He Xiang Yong doesn't look like this.
Stop fooling around.
He is He Xiang Yong.
Is it April Fool's Day?
Yeah, it isn't even April Fool's.
Do I look any different?
No, you look just like you.
- Nothing's changed.
- Shit, this is strange.
I know, give me your phone.
No one recognizes me, but I can send a message.
Why aren't you connected to the internet?
Impossible, I paid the fees yesterday.
It's connected.
[Li Wan Zhe]
But there's no service.
Did you do anything special yesterday?
Or eat anything strange?
Yesterday...
- Weren't we at the dinner gathering?
- Yeah.
After that, we went to the seaside.
And then I went home.
Mr. Hua made me garlic prawn flat noodles.
And that's all.
Got it, it must be Mr. Hua.
He drugged your noodles and changed you.
Li Wan Zhe, don't be ridiculous.
- I have no time for your nonsense.
- I'm serious.
The seaside is most dangerous at night.
Hong, who are you trying to scare
by acting like a ghost?
A ghost wouldn't scare anyone.
Only other stuff are scary.
What does that mean?
Did you two go to the seaside last night?
Yeah.
That's so dangerous.
Strange things are bound to happen.
Hong, do you recognize him?
Shooting stars are the most beautiful.
I love shooting stars.
But there aren't any shooting stars in the day,
No, I meant...
Shooting stars... That's it.
What?
Didn't you make a wish?
You wished that no one would recognize you
after you woke up, right?
You didn't want to be He Xiang Yong anymore.
I really hope I can stop being He Xiang Yong.
Dive in!
I'll jump down and restart my life.
I was just kidding!
How's that possible?
I wasn't being serious with the wish.
Besides, you also said we've made
so many wishes since we were kids.
Which one of those wishes ever came true?
Well, do you have a better explanation?
Fine, let's assume you're right.
Why did my wish come true, but not yours?
Didn't you make a wish, too?
Look, the old must make way for the new.
It's the same with bags and jobs.
Don't be so harsh on yourself.
You're already much more
outstanding than I am, you know.
Sometimes, I really envy you.
What's there to envy?
You can get up any time you want every morning.
And you can start work
whenever you feel like it.
You don't have to face
toxic relationships either.
And your shaved ice shop is just
a five-minutes walk from your house.
But life's so much less thrilling.
I did invite you to jump into the sea with me.
I'm not looking for that kind of thrill.
What else do you want?
Well...
I want to fall in love.
What?
I want to be in love.
Well, go date someone.
But I want a passionate relationship.
I don't get it.
Are you an idiot?
I mean...
I want happiness
that's fleeting yet lasts forever.
Just like fireworks.
Pew...
Boom!
Maybe... the shooting stars just love you.
So, I'm not affected.
This is ridiculous.
Trust me.
In this world, there are countless
inexplicable things.
You'll just have to accept it when it hits you.
So, just accept how things are.
Wait...
Well, didn't you hate
living He Xiang Yong's life?
Take this chance
and live an entirely new life.
You're free now.
You're no longer that He Xiang Yong
who disappointed everyone.
Are you being serious?
How about you try saying "He Xiang Yong"?
Look. It's the heaven's will.
Fine.
What now?
Where do I sleep tonight?
Go on home.
Home?
Didn't you hear me?
My dad wants to call the police on me.
Just leave it to me.
See you back at your home in two hours.
I'll handle this.
Li Wan Zhe. Hey...
I'll be waiting for you.
Li Wan Zhe.
This is ridiculous.
Hao Wei.
Get down here.
What's up?
Get that young man from this morning here.
Why the sudden decision?
He looks suspicious.
But he's also seems so pitiful.
Are you sure?
I think he needs some help, too.
Get him here.
But I'm not done drying the winter jackets.
I'll do it, so get him here.
Even you're going against me.
Can't you cooperate?
I finally found you.
Living at our inn doesn't cost much.
I'll pay you later.
Have we met somewhere?
Nope, never.
But where are you planning on walking to?
How is that your concern?
What are you still doing here?
Stop following me.
Here, take it.
There's water and medicine in it.
Oh, and slippers.
Treat your wound first.
You'll get an infection,
and it'll hurt like hell.
Take it.
Do you know why the sea is blue?
That's because it has fish in it.
They go "blue, blue, blue".
So dumb.
Why did you say you were
the boss's son this morning?
I was talking nonsense.
That's quite an imagination.
What about me?
Why do you know my name?
Thanks for the medicine, water, and slippers.
I'll pay you for them,
along with the accommodation fees.
Did something happen?
Or are you in some kind of trouble?
Are you always so curious about strangers?
But you didn't act
like a stranger this morning.
Fine, I'll tell you.
This is just a huge misunderstanding.
So, don't be too bothered.
My identity doesn't matter either.
A stranger means you don't know me.
Okay?
Thanks.
If you're really in a tough spot,
we won't make things tough for you.
Listen, the boss may look fierce,
but he's really easy to talk to.
What's the time now?
Huh?
Why do you want to know?
12:20, what's up?
The helmet.
You've thought things through?
Are you sure we've never met before?
We're moving out.
Chen Hao Wei, you sure you can get me there?
It's all your fault.
Were you having tea time with the teachers?
Hey, I'm building good ties.
Watch out for pedestrians.
- Look. Eyes on the road.
- Perfect evasion.
Don't you think the weather's great today?
- So wonderful, I'll miss the boat.
- I'm already going at full speed.
Aren't I a great cyclist?
We almost fell!
Don't you know I need my hands to draw?
- Fine.
- Too fast.
Hey, aren't I a great cyclist?
Boats don't fly.
Why go so fast?
- It's leaving!
- Fine, I'll speed up!
I'll go faster.
- Be careful.
- We're almost there!
No problem.
Stop here.
I'm off. The boat's almost here.
Tell me when you're back.
I'll come looking for you.
You don't have to.
Why make a special trip to pick me up?
I won't come just to pick you up.
I just want to have shaved ice up ahead.
So, I can also come get you.
Up ahead?
That's a restaurant.
Who cares? Get on your boat.
Fine. Watch the road.
- Okay. Bye.
- Bye.
Mr. He, I'll repeat myself one more time.
They're university classmates.
They lived in the same dormitory.
Upper bunk, lower bunk.
We'll hang out whenever I visit.
That's who he is.
So, you know him too.
I know him very well.
Mr. He, I've brought him back.
Come on over.
Mr. He, let me introduce him.
This is a good friend of me
and Xiang Yong at university.
He's Xiao You.
Yesterday was all a misunderstanding.
He isn't a thief.
He was in a bad mood yesterday,
so he went to the seaside
to get some fresh air.
He forget about the time,
came back too late at night,
and no one noticed.
Yeah.
That's right.
You came back with Xiang Yong?
Yep.
Where's he?
I'd love to know, too.
Well, where do you live? What's your job?
Why haven't I heard about you from Xiang Yong?
Mr. He, didn't I just tell you?
Fine, I'll explain again. So, listen up.
When Xiao You was on his working vacation,
he was duped of all his money.
On his way back, his luggage was stolen.
All his personal documents are gone.
He's too scared to go home.
He may look like this, but he's super capable.
He's worked at an inn on the edge
of a cliff a thousand meters above the sea.
He's also worked at an igloo hotel.
It was -30 degrees Celsius there!
He Xiang Yong thought he was really capable,
so he decided this guy
would be perfect working here.
Yeah.
Li Wan Zhe's absolutely right.
Since you're his classmate,
why didn't you say so?
You even claimed to be my son.
Yeah.
- Didn't you tell me...
- I'm sorry.
I know it's hard to believe,
but I get too into trance sometimes.
I get stuck in a freaking strange state.
And I just woke up in the morning.
I think I had a nightmare.
He disappeared, too.
So, I was panicking.
That's why I might've pissed you two off.
I hope you'll forgive me.
Look, he just came back from abroad.
He needs some time to readjust.
So many things happened, too.
How could he speak up so easily?
Mr. He, listen.
H-His dad's hella stubborn.
So, his entire morning has been in chaos.
He mistook you for his dad.
Are you saying I'm a stubborn old man?
No, not at all.
He Xiang Yong's so weird.
He brought his friend back, but went missing.
But it'll be great to keep Xiao You around.
Look, just tell Xiao You
whatever you want to tell Xiang Yong.
Xiao You will keep you updated on Xiang Yong.
Killing two birds with one stone!
Why are you blabbering so much today?
Wan Zhe says you want to work here
in exchange for a roof over your head.
Yep.
Your son said the inn needs manpower.
I...
I think I'll be great help.
So, I thought I'd give it a shot.
Hao Wei, get him registered.
What?
He can be your roommate.
Show him around the inn.
Get him familiar with his tasks.
I don't know what you guys are up to,
but get Xiang Yong to come back soon.
Come with me.
All the best.
I'm such a genius.
Freaking genius.
This is the cabinet here.
Fishing tools everywhere again.
- Come over here.
- He never keeps the newspapers.
- I'll teach you how to register guests.
- What the heck? Why leave the phone here?
What are you doing?
Don't touch the boss's stuff.
Don't the fishing tools go in the storage room?
Our beds are upstairs, right?
Give it to me first.
Those are the boss's fishing tools.
He'll get angry if you move them around.
Hey.
Bathroom and shower are on the left.
- And...
- Kitchen's on the right.
I can tell.
Guest rooms are in the back.
- We have four-person and six-person rooms.
- Make way, please.
Follow me, I'll show them to you.
This is the balcony.
It's to dry clothes.
The light bulbs are blown,
and he doesn't even change them?
This is my favorite place in the inn.
[Name: Zhong Xiao You]
Li Wan Zhe.
What?
Well? All good?
Not at all.
What's wrong?
These are my old clothes.
Make do with them for now.
What now?
I asked my mom.
My grandma's auntie's uncle
made a wish upon a shooting star once.
His wish came true, and he became rich.
Can you ask him...
Are you an idiot?
It's been a hundred years.
How am I supposed to ask?
Am I a medium?
Well, what am I supposed to do?
Just hang on.
I'll think of something for you.
How long do you need?
If you have time,
make a wish on the shooting stars.
Are you sure it was the shooting stars?
The moon works, too.
Li Wan Zhe!
Call me if anything happens!
I don't have a phone.
Thanks.
Come back soon.
Watch your step.
- Okay.
- Thanks.
Bye.
Bye!
- Hello.
- Hama-chan!
Have you eaten?
I ate.
Want some shaved ice?
I'm good.
- Thanks.
- Okay.
Sorry, we're closing.
Ma'am, isn't Li Wan Zhe back yet?
Wan Zhe?
Li Wan Zhe went out with a new friend today.
He came back and went out so many times.
I have no clue where he is.
No clue when he'll be back either.
I'm really sorry.
It's okay.
Ma'am, I'll help you pack up.
Oh, you don't have to. Just leave it to me.
It's fine.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Hama-chan can smile?
Just leave it there.
I'll wash it.
Okay.
Damn Li Wan Zhe.
Why couldn't he have washed them first?
One day, the farm owner told his cow,
"Milk yourself today."
- The cow said..
- Just speak your mind.
Don't beat around the bush with a joke.
Is this really your first time here?
You seem very familiar with this place.
It's my first time, of course.
I know my way around
because it's my friend's home.
I've heard him talk about it.
So, I know it well.
But you don't seem like his schoolmate.
When Mr. He was talking to you,
you looked really nervous.
Are you doubting me?
Sorry about that.
I am doubting you.
Fine.
In that case, can I doubt you as well?
Where's there to doubt about me?
Does the boss know
you're his son's high school classmate?
Don't be surprised.
I'm on such great terms with him.
I know everything about him
and his acquaintances.
How else would I know your name?
Well, has he ever mentioned me to you?
Of course.
What did he tell you?
You want to know?
Tell me about it.
He said you're the last person
he wants to remember.
The better be true.
Well, take it however you want to.
[Mr. Chen:
When are you returning to work?]
[What about all the undone tasks?
Going missing after losing Mr. Lin's funds?]
How was business today?
Not bad.
Tons of customers?
Same old. A bunch of tourists.
Your mom said you were out
with a friend the entire day?
Who is he?
He Xiang Yong.
He Xiang Yong?
Your mom said it was a new friend.
Let me finish.
I meant He Xiang Yong's university schoolmate.
His name is Xiao You.
Are you good friends with him?
Great friends, actually.
How long have you known each other?
Ages.
You never said a thing.
Didn't have many chances to do so.
You're so strange.
Why are you bombarding me with questions today?
B-Because...
I don't want you hanging out
with people I don't know.
What are you doing?
Give me some room.
It's so hot.
I'll turn down the temperature.
Hot?
Remove your clothes.
I don't mind.
I recall now.
Village Chief Wang said there are leftovers
for the Buddha Jumps Over the Wall.
I'm worried Du Du will eat it.
I'll get going first! Du Du!
Come over here!
Du Du?
This smell...
It's my habit.
A whiff of it helps me relax.
That's your habit, not mine.
Trying to relax?
The sea breeze is good enough.
Why use those weird fragrances?
Weirdo.
I'm reading.
I want to sleep.
Did He Xiang Yong tell you anything else?
What do you want him to say about you?
Just making conversation.
Does he really tell you everything?
Yep, because I'm his most important friend
who knows him best.
Doubt so.
If you were such great friends,
why did he never talk to Mr. He about you?
You were from the same high school,
but you don't ever mention it.
You're the weirdo here.
Since we are so doubtful of each other,
let's just keep a distance.
It's better to keep out of each other's way.
Fabulous, exactly what I want.
All right!
Think positively.
It's so rare for a wish to come true.
If I were you, I'd borrow money.
I'd renovate, overhaul,
and expand that inn of yours.
Li Wan Zhe.
Stop with the irresponsible comments.
Things aren't so simple.
It's giving me a splitting headache.
Now, there's Chen Hao Wei to worry about, too.
Why are you fine?
I told you.
The shooting stars took a liking to you.
The wish doesn't affect me.
How's that possible?
Li Wan Zhe.
Come on down.
Why are you so early today?
Come on up and chat.
Come down here.
Nah.
It's so far, and I'm lazy.
Hurry up.
Get up here.
I like you!
What?
My name's Hamaguchi Aomi!
I was born on January 10, 1998.
I'm a Scorpio.
Blood type, AB.
I love eating plums.
I hate mushrooms.
What's with the self-introduction?
My dream is to travel the world.
I really want to visit the south pole.
You're just one person in this world,
but to a certain person,
you're their world.
Li Wan Zhe.
You are my world.
I've been in love with you for a long time.
What?
Please be my boyfriend.
I think I've eaten too much watermelon.
My stomach hurts.
I need the toilet.
Wow, what a hilarious joke.
Hamaguchi Aomi, you're so fluent
in Mandarin now.
Keep at it. Study hard.
All the best.
I'm not joking with you.
So funny.
I'm serious.
I'm serious, too. Such a great joke.
[Epilogue]
Thanks.
I told you not to come pick me up.
I didn't come here for you.
I'm here to get shaved ice.
It takes 20 minutes
to get here from the harbor.
20 minutes?
I only took 15 minutes.
A real cycling god here.
That'll be my new nickname. Cycling god.
What's up?
You used perfume.
Yep.
Why the sudden change?
It's nothing, just...
I feel at ease with this fragrance around.
- Want to take a sniff?
- I'm good.
- Are you sure?
- It's fine.
I'm more interested in your shaved ice.
- Shaved ice?
- How about I share some?
Don't you have your own?
- Why take mine? I didn't say I wanted it.
- I want to swap with you.
- Don't mix them.
- I didn't mix them.
- Taking the green beans again?
- I'll just have a bite.
I want to try some.
Let me see if it's better
than my friend's stall.
Your friend runs a shaved ice stall?
Yep, the best on the entire island.
When I visit, I'll have to try it for myself.
Sure.
The jelly at his place
is the best I've ever tasted.
Nah, I think the green bean milk here
is better than your friend's.
The green bean milk is so good.
The jelly is the best in the entire world.
Didn't you want to swap with me?
I was just curious.
So, you're the comic artist
working with Xiang Yong?
Didn't you want to be in love?
Love has come knocking.
Why are you so shocked?
I'm really in love with you.
No way.
Silently recite...
1, 4, 2, 8, 5, 7.
Why these numbers?
Did you date He Xiang Yong?